chore: update documentation to include install commands for typescript (#7691)
apollographql/apollo-server: packages/server/README.md

npm install @apollo/server graphql express cors body-parser
```

> If using Typescript you may also need to install additional type declaration packages/modules to avoid common errors when importing the above packages (i.e. Could not find a declaration file for module '`module-name`'):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using Typescript you may also need to install additional type declaration packages as development dependencies to avoid common errors when importing the above packages (i.e. Could not find a declaration file for module '`cors`'):
```

```

> npm install @types/cors @types/express @types/body-parser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install --save-dev @types/cors @types/express @types/body-parser
```
